Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 

I know it is code, but have no idea what the end result will be.

Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 

It asked me what its favorite color was and whenever I answered it popped up with a command prompt.

What do you think the program did with what you typed?

It gave me a prompt to type something else in and added my user information.
I think it may have gathered data from me.

Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 

It just added the words Print and Color to the end.

What do you think the color = input() will do? 

I'm not sure if it will vary much from the last.

Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?

It did what I expected; however, it also repeated my color back to me this time.

Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 

I think this one is telling me that the correct input is red.

What is happening on lines 11–14? 

It is telling me to type in the word "red"

Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 

I'm guessing its an organizational strategy.

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 

It is incorrect if I do not capitalize the "r."

What does this tell you about "color"?

It tells me that the word needs to be exact because of the way the code is written.

Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 

It allows me to keep the "r" lowercase and still be correct.

What problem is this trying to solve? 

This problem is trying to get the right input, which in this case is "red" or "Red."

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?

The others do not work.

Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 

I think it will allow all of the spellings of red to work.

What problem is it trying to solve? 

It is trying to get any input of "red."

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?

If spaces are used it is incorrect.

Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 

It now adds the word strip.

What would you guess .strip() is doing? 

I believe spaces will be okay now.

Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?

There is none that I found.

Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 

It's the same as the previous, except for it now adds getting a response from answering "pink"

What is the purpose of line 11? 

It allows any color to be spelled with spaces or with capitals.

Run the program and answer the question.

I did answer it.

Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 

To ask the question that requires a response.

Why are lines 12–19 indented? 

I have to assume its an organizational tactic.

Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 

It would not run properly at all.

Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.

It didn't run right.

Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 

It will now allow me to keep going instead of making me run the program again.

What is the purpose of “count”? 

It is to count the number of tries it takes me to guess the color.

What is happening on line 22? 

It will tell how many times that we tried.

Run the program.

Done.

*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit?

I did not because I am still confused on a few.